ladies first is the motto on
Wednesday evening before the cup continues
herd comes on the lokstedter stone dam
to the showdown between 08 and the
hamburger sv the hsv starts from the right
to the left and always ensures at standards
again for danger
and also this long ball is
highly dangerous
the scene is now uncut and
müller makes this quick switching game
play a long ball now the duel
garlic schulz schulz the dances themselves
by free lane but at this
Luxury came
not the hamburger sports club with more
ball possession the ladies of the duo, however
with the better opportunities
Schippmann can not do the ball
hold on to the tube is still hot and
All at once it was noble
eleven meters or not the impartial
lets the part
I think they would have it
can whistle without penalty
we jump into the second section
there are chances to win on the production line
Neither team could get up
now for it
the game is absolutely in spite of the torflaute
finally fit it remains exciting
Wolf appeals to your heart
madness lattekracher
the user can not do me the best
chance is now for the hsv
what should franken can this woman too
allow 4 lara with the distance shot
Saturday prevents and the effectiveness of the
regionalliga
which meanwhile moved into the storm
does not look like this fund now
no problem
it is 19 are played at
of course there are people in the
renewal
a familiar situation for both teams
who still won in the semifinal both
user 08 as well as the hamburger
sports club only in the extension
again a hsv standard situation
now it gets dangerous in the penalty room 1 0
for the hsv
much dear tore has already been on the
account for this tactic very well
No
this extension had to go
hamburger but continue
euregio puts the ball on michel
she did not catch a good day like that
dear is clever plus and backroom in the
ambush lurks ideology 20
is that about the decision the 19
year old turkish portier and the
replay time out again
The hamburger play aimlessly forward
alina apple retains the overview
in the penalty area and now michel is allowed too
time ran
that's the decision 3 2 for the
Hamburger SV
andy kapp michel that we represent
Nobody has met them today
believed more
The gates are now falling every few minutes
resistances of the region the canvas am
ball
loose fit from the ankle and
Everyone prefers to make the cup win perfect
from the defense in the storm two
a template you made yourself with it
is likely the tactical change of
hsv coach ralf paid off
the game over a deserved victory
due to a strong extension
now may be neatly filed the
Hamburger SV is oddset cup winner
the tunes to the game we have in the
Winter preparation played against
and that was a clear one today
increase of 3 1 that too is one
good women's football game was good the
colleague of course knows my team
in memory because of last year
every day and otherwise I have to say
after having some
Female players calf cramps has a great
great character like the game
still bent must have the last
player aggressively extending and can
We are actually sure that extension
our thing is i have to say i have
of course the glasses on and would say
It is not possible to see the 90 minutes
justified the last 30 minutes
Both teams were relatively flat
and the standards of haas house in the
been at risk for a long time
and who have given us so well as the neck
Broken
and yes, unfortunately, the game with a
winners end and in the fall that raab
yes that feels good, of course
because we said very small we
do not want to dismount that worked
we have a very young team that
has worked we have just half
hall we won here
I can not really see that
we move forward
you take everything with you what you can
I say and that such experiences
you always get and therefore just in
Women's football is hard and it will be
can do better
yes, of course, it's already a highlight
because now we are the young players
we came from the offspring and
but know it all over Italy
Of course there is something else for the matura
and already arise
definitely what we achieved today
that was I just hope that
many people here were like normal
Part women watch football but that's what
both teams done here though
absolute advertising for women's football
and of course I'm proud of mine
team came to the final against
regional alligists and have one here
Damn good game made
franz unfortunately people make gourds